God is the love
with me we try you a bit
to take with you if it finally works
I know but we try
we catch
on
recognize
right from the
become two Germans
The End
cutouts
I will be a children's town
wanted to do some pictures
saved like I have one
Forgotten is carl zeiss caramel
macchiato
this is what spring somehow
everyone on instagram has what's called that
thing a foul on his rock
sunglasses but the lahn is greener
tea or
that 's better because it has me -
fischer do I want movies
sportiness
because we have nothing to do and we just do it
times things calm and tried on
Unfortunately, the hunting costs
are fully booked
I think we have decided
not the part and the money and now
Finally, buy me yesterday
unlikely so hey people anyway
as you can see I'm back
home
that's not wanted I have something here
pulled down because I thought 14
maybe a bit cold and
I could somehow stand or something
so please do not think so
In any case, it is already halfway
seven or so I'm already one
a bit longer break
i have darmstadt at home and
then I was still short with mine
family in the city even knows yet
spontaneously there I was
actually not much I have done
moment my flag
I have just the whole picture here
imported and I am currently
Edit probably look at it
still medinas must loose flaky
to catch up with about five exactly
and otherwise what about the flop I hope
you liked it otherwise still a
nice day we will see each other in the
next video